OBJECTIVE:
As stated in the description, my project is attempting to predict the game score of videogames using a variety of metrics.
DATA ANALYSIS:
Overall, I was able to make a predictive model with linear regression, but it wasn't incredibly successful. Although I had a low MSE, I still had a low r^2 of around 0.3. Because of this, I decided to   implement AdaBoostRegressor, which did a little better most times, but still only resulted in an r^2 of at most 0.44. If I had to guess, this is probably due to a multitude of factors. For one, in the data scraping process, the website I used had a very stranged layout with inconsistencies in the data it provided. This resulted in some of the categories bleeding into each other, making some columns meshes of others. Another issue was that my local machine couldn't properly use target encoding as scikit-learn was clashing with the category encoders package. Because of this, I had to bite the bullet and instead use one hot encoding for all of my categorical data. This was NOT ideal. Not only did this introduce a lot of scarcity into my project, but it also made it so I couldn't use a KNN imputer to gather the missing values that were deemed MAR. Last but not least, after running various illustrations of fit lines with matplotlib, it became obvious that there were some outliers in my data which most definitely skewed the fit line. On top of that, a lot of the values for game score seemed to be clustered in the 7.0-8.0 region, which didn't make it easy for my model to do much with. Because of this, I believe maybe a tree-based learning algorithm could work better for my data instead of a regressor as there may not be a linear relationship present.
